Title: Does Invisalign Hurt Your Mouth?

Invisalign aligners move teeth gently, so you can expect light pressure when you switch to a new set. Most patients describe the feeling as mild soreness that fades within a couple of days. It is much less intense than the tightening visits that come with traditional braces.

If your mouth feels tender, switch to soft foods for a day, take an over-the-counter pain reliever, and keep your aligners in place so your teeth adjust faster. Because the trays are removable, you can take brief breaks to brush, eat, or give your mouth a rest—just remember to wear them 20–22 hours per day to stay on schedule.

Rough edges are rare but easy to fix. Let us know if an aligner irritates your cheeks or tongue, and we will smooth it or provide wax for added comfort. Throughout treatment we monitor your progress and adjust the pace to keep you comfortable and confident.

Curious whether Invisalign is right for you? Schedule a consultation. We will answer every question, show you a preview of your new smile, and outline exactly what to expect at each step. 

If you’re smile isn’t everything you want it to be, you may feel like you have to settle for less than the best. Fortunately, this simply isn’t the case. Today, there are several different remedies to help correct crooked, misplaced teeth. Consistently, there’s one option that brings the best results and makes patients more satisfied than any other:
Invisalign
.
What Is Invisalign?
Invisalign is the premier option for those looking to straighten their teeth without the intrusion of traditional metal braces. Millions of people have used Invisalign since their introduction in 1999, and they have been a truly transformational product in the world of orthodontics.
Instead of using metal wires and brackets, Invisalign works completely differently. When you choose Invisalign, your orthodontist will create a mold of your mouth and take several scans of your teeth and their positioning. These will be used to fashion the Invisalign trays out of a durable high-tech plastic, which will gently begin to move your teeth into their desired position. Several sets of trays will be fashioned to continue to adjust the position of the teeth until they are in their optimal position.
Why Choose Invisalign?
There’s several smart reasons for choosing Invisalign. Some choose their devices for their convenience. Having the ability to take the trays in and out of your mouth means that you’re in control of the process, which is impossible with traditional braces. Also, old-fashioned metal braces require a following a long list of eating restrictions. No popcorn. No soda. No chewing gum. The list feels endless and can be quite restrictive.
Of course, the cosmetic value of Invisalign can’t be understated. Where traditional braces will fill your mouth with metal, the Invisalign trays are transparent and almost unnoticeable. Imagine the confidence boost you’ll receive from straightening your teeth with this advanced system!
Is Invisalign Painful?
Invisalign is a far less intrusive way to straighten your teeth than traditional braces, but many patients still ask the question—does Invisalign hurt? This is a fair question. Although everyone wants to have a smile they can be proud of, you don’t want to be in pain the entire time you’re mouth is undergoing its transformation.
Any time you’re having a procedure that involves moving teeth, there is going to be some discomfort involved. However, pain from Invisalign is generally considered to be much less than the pain caused by traditional braces. Most patients report that, while Invisalign does hurt for a few days after getting a new set of trays, the soreness is quite manageable—and significantly less than with traditional braces.
While Invisalign is less painful than traditional metal braces, we recommend you make an appointment with the dentist to discuss your concerns. At Exquisite Dentistry, one of the best dentists for Invisalign Braces in Southern California, we will work with you to make sure you’re completely comfortable with your treatment plan. We will be more than happy to help you answer the question, “Does Invisalign hurt?”
Restore Your Smile’s Brilliance
With your smile the best it’s ever looked, your confidence will be at an all-time high
CONTACT EXQUISITE DENTISTRY
(323) 272-2388
Call to schedule your cosmetic dentist appointment
and experience true luxury.
Invisalign Provides Options
One of the best parts about the Invisalign process is how versatile it is, especially compared to metal braces. Because Invisalign trays are removable, if your Invisalign tray does hurt your teeth or gums, you can easily take them out to give your mouth some relief. Try doing that with metal braces!
Consider this scenario to understand the benefits of Invisalign. You have an important meeting at work, and you’ll be making the key presentation. However, the day before, you had an orthodontist appointment. If you have traditional braces, you likely woke up in pain with little hope of relief. All you can do is take a pain reliever and hope you feel better. However, if you have Invisalign, you likely have little to no discomfort whatsoever. If for some reason, Invisalign does cause your teeth to hurt, all you have to do is take it out. Simple! Invisalign works with your busy life.
One of the other benefits of Invisalign is that your dentist can work at whatever pace is comfortable for you. Invisalign’s system is easily customizable, allowing you to take things at a pace that is the most comfortable for you.
Taking It One Tooth at a Time
The slight hurt that does come from Invisalign aligners can be alleviated by focusing only on one part of your smile at a time rather than your entire mouth. Even if you do that, you’ll be surprised at the fast results you get. Nowadays, it can seem that everyone is going around with a nice, straight set of pearly whites. With Invisalign, you too can be flashing your confident smile in no time. Do you want a better idea of what your smile will look like? Check out our
Smile Gallery
to see just a small sampling of our success stories.
Of course, once you begin to consider Invisalign, you need to make sure you can get it from a dentist you can trust. That’s why residents in the greater Los Angeles area trust
Dr. Alexie Aguil
and his team at Exquisite Dentistry. Our office has the most
advanced technology
to ensure that you have the best possible outcome each visit. Also, you’ll immediately fall in love with our office, which many of our patients say resembles a day spa more than a dentist’s office. We work extremely hard to make sure that the atmosphere you’re surrounded with when you walk through the door is one of peace and relaxation.
Now that we’ve shown you that Invisalign doesn’t hurt like traditional braces, it’s time to get your own Invisalign clear aligners. Get the same long-lasting effects without the metal mouth.
Contact Exquisite Dentistry
today to discuss why Invisalign is right for you.
