Title: Top 4 Netflix Shows to Explore From the Dentist’s Chair

Dental visits feel easier when you have something enjoyable to watch. At our spa-inspired office, you can stream your favorite Netflix shows with noise-canceling headphones while we care for your smile. Need inspiration? Here are four relaxing picks our patients love.

1) Our Planet – Let Sir David Attenborough’s voice and stunning nature footage carry you away while we polish your teeth.
2) The Great British Baking Show – Light-hearted competition and cozy kitchen scenes make cleanings feel quick and comforting.
3) Somebody Feed Phil – Travel with Phil Rosenthal as he tastes global cuisine; it is upbeat, funny, and easy to pause when you need to rinse.
4) Queer Eye – Watch uplifting makeovers and heartfelt stories that leave you smiling by the end of your appointment.

Prefer another show? Just let us know. We will queue it up, dim the lights, and make sure your dental visit feels like a mini break. Ready to experience dentistry differently? Call to book your next appointment. 

It was like pulling teeth.
Everyone knows that idiom. It refers to something difficult that you don’t want to do—and that doesn’t happen easily. We understand that sometimes going to the dentist feels like pulling teeth, both literally and figuratively. You’d rather be spending your time doing something you enjoy, like watching a relaxing Netflix show. But of course, you can’t stream your favorite shows at the dentist. Right?
Believe it or not, you can do just that at
Exquisite Dentistry!
Our dental spa environment is unique, and we want your experience with us to be as pleasant as possible. Our office offers you the capability to catch up on your favorite shows and movies with noise-canceling headphones.
Not sure what show to watch while you’re getting your
cosmetic dental work done
? Here are our top suggestions from the folks at our office for some relaxing, smile-inducing Netflix shows to stream during your next appointment.
Restore Your Smile’s Brilliance
With your smile the best it’s ever looked, your confidence will be at an all-time high
CONTACT EXQUISITE DENTISTRY
(323) 272-2388
Call to schedule your cosmetic dentist appointment
and experience true luxury.
1. Chill With Bob Ross
For those unfamiliar, Bob Ross was the well-coiffed host of PBS series The Joy of Painting. On each broadcast, Ross taught viewers how to paint beautiful landscapes while discussing the joys of life and art. Netflix’s Chill With Bob Ross presents a number of episodes from the series that focus on peaceful, winter scenes. The show is simple and calming. You may find yourself drifting off to sleep
mid-teeth-cleaning
.
2. Planet Earth
Are you ready to be entertained by some of the most stunning sights in the world, all while learning more about our planet at the same time? This Emmy award-winning series takes you from the highest peaks to the depths of the mysterious ocean. Whether you’re in for a
quick cleaning
or a more intensive
root canal
, relax while enjoying the breathtaking cinematography of the world’s most beautiful locations.
3. Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown
Why not see the world all from the safety of the dentist’s chair? Follow along with the late, great chef and television personality Anthony Bourdain as he explores lesser known cultures and cuisines. Join Anthony as he visits a temple in Myanmar or slurps down some oysters in Glasgow. You’ll leave our offices with a healthy smile and a major case of the travel bug.
4. Sherlock
Enjoy a modern twist on a classic tale with BBC’s hit series Sherlock. You’ll be captivated as the indomitable Sherlock Holmes (along with his long suffering friend Doctor John Watson) match wits with some of London’s most notorious criminals, including the infamous James Moriarty. You’ll be so intrigued with all the plot twists and turns that your time in the chair will fly by.
Does Benedict Cumberbatch’s pearly whites have you feeling a bit envious? Take a look at our
Invisalign
and
laser teeth whitening
services and find out how they can work for you.
Your dental appointment doesn’t have to be like pulling teeth. At Exquisite Dentistry, we pride ourselves on offering comfortable, pain-free care and our
relaxing Netflix
offerings are just one part that equation.
Contact us today
to schedule an appointment!
